Refactor clustering (#1728)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/deploy/cluster/mria-introduction.md

# Architecture

> EMQX 5.0 redesigns the cluster architecture with [Mria](https://github.com/emqx/mria) + RLOG, which significantly improves EMQX's horizontal scalability and is also the key behind 100M MQTT connection support with a single cluster. <!--need to add a section about how users can work with a cluster with all nodes as core nodes-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EMQX 5.0 redesigns the cluster architecture with [Mria](https://github.com/emqx/mria) + RLOG, which significantly improves EMQX's horizontal scalability. The new design supports 1,000,000 MQTT connections with a single cluster. <!--need to add a section about how users can work with a cluster with all nodes as core nodes-->
```

# Architecture

<!--need to add a section about how users can work with a cluster with all nodes as core nodes--> 

> EMQX 5.0 redesigns the cluster architecture with [Mria](https://github.com/emqx/mria) + RLOG, which significantly improves EMQX's horizontal scalability. The new design supports 1,000,000 MQTT connections with a single cluster. 

Reviewer 2: 1,000,000 -> 100,000,000

> EMQX 5.0 redesigns the cluster architecture with [Mria](https://github.com/emqx/mria) + RLOG, which significantly improves EMQX's horizontal scalability. The new design supports 1,000,000 MQTT connections with a single cluster. 

Author: ```suggestion
EMQX 5.0 redesigns the cluster architecture with [Mria](https://github.com/emqx/mria) + RLOG, which significantly improves EMQX's horizontal scalability. The new design supports 100,000,000 MQTT connections with a single cluster. 
```
